Now let's talk tech. These are the tools
you'll use daily.
Before you start making calls or sending
messages to homeowners, I want to walk you
through the tools we use every single day.
Understanding our tech stack is not
optional.
These tools are how we stay organized, how we
track deals, how we communicate as a team,
and how we grow. If you use them the right
way, they will make your job a lot easier.
If you skip steps or try to work around
them,
things will fall through the cracks and
deals will get lost.
So let me walk you through each one and tell
you exactly what it does and why it matters
here at the BMH Group.
The first tool is Sandra.
This is our CRM, and it is the center of
everything we do at the BMH Group.
Every lead we generate, every homeowner we
talk to, every deal we are working lives
inside Sandra. When you get a new lead, it
goes into Sandra.
When you have a conversation with a
homeowner, you log notes in Sandra.
When a deal moves from one stage to the
next, you update it in Sandra.
Think of it as the single source of truth
for our entire operation.
If it is not in Sandra, it does not exist.
That is the standard we hold ourselves to
here.
There's more to Sandra than we'll cover
today.
When you start working with real leads, the
team will walk you through the parts that
matter for your role. For now,
just understand, this tool is
non-negotiable.
Next is PropStream. This is how we find
motivated sellers.
PropStream gives us access to property data
across the country.
We use it to pull lists of distressed
homeowners.
That includes people who are behind on taxes,
people going through probate, properties
with code violations, absentee owners and
more.
When your manager gives you a list, it came
from PropStream. It is also how we look up
property details to understand what a house
might be worth and what kind of situation
the owner is likely in.
If Sandra is where we manage our relationships,
then PropStream is where we find them in
the first place. DealMachine is another tool
we use to source leads.
Where PropStream is from your desk, DealMachine
is built around driving for dollars.
That means going through neighborhoods and
flagging properties that look vacant,
neglected or distressed.
DealMachine lets you tag those properties,
pull owner information and drop them
directly into a marketing campaign.
For our team, this tool is part of how we
keep a steady pipeline of leads coming in.
You need to know how it fits into our
process.
Deal Sniper is a tool we use to generate
offers quickly and reliably.
Speed is important. The more offers you send,
the greater your chances of transacting a
deal. It helps us filter and evaluate
properties.
So we can move fast when a good deal shows
up.
In this business, speed matters.
When a homeowner is motivated, they need to
move quickly.
We need to be ready to make an offer without
wasting their time or ours.
Deal Sniper helps us make confident
decisions fast.
Now let's talk about Dialpad.
This is our phone system.
All outbound calls to homeowners go through
Dialpad.
It records calls, logs your activity and
keeps everything organized.
Your calls are being recorded.
That is not there to watch over your
shoulder.
It is there so we can coach you and help you
get better.
When your manager listens to your calls and
gives you feedback, that feedback is coming
from real conversations you had.
Dialpad is also how we track your call volume,
how many calls you made and how long you
were on the phone are all visible.
Show up and make your dials.
Closer Lab is an AI speech coaching tool.
We use it specifically for training and
roleplay.
Before you ever get on the phone with a real
homeowner, you are going to practice in
Closer Lab with an AI roleplay agent.
It listens to how you speak.
It gives you feedback on things like filler
words, pacing, clarity and confidence.
It lets you practice without the pressure of
a live call.
You are going to use Closer Lab to work
through objection roleplays and call
simulations. Take it seriously.
Put in the reps.
Tasks live in Sandra too.
If your manager assigns you something, it
will be in Sandra.
If there is a follow-up that needs to
happen, it gets logged in Sandra.
If there is a process or a checklist to work
through, you will find it there as well.
We use those task lists to make sure nothing
gets dropped.
In this business, organization is
everything.
Check your task list every day.
Complete your tasks on time.
If something is blocked or you need help,
flag it to your manager in Slack.
Hubstaff is our time tracking tool.
When you are working, you are clocked into
Hubstaff.
It tracks your hours and activity.
It helps us make sure you are getting paid
accurately for the hours you put in.
Clock in when you start.
Clock out when you stop.
It matters.
Slack is how we communicate as a team.
Email is not how we operate.
If you need to reach your manager, do it in
Slack.
Keep notifications on.
Slack is also where we share wins, updates,
and team announcements, so staying active
keeps you connected to the business.
BMH Institute is our training platform, and
it is where you are right now.
All of your onboarding training lives here.
Work through the modules in order.
Each lesson builds on the one before it, and
there are quizzes to make sure the material
is sticking. Your progress is tracked for
your manager.
Finally, we use Google Docs for
documentation.
SOPs, scripts, templates, and reference
materials all live here.
Get comfortable in Google Drive.
We share documents as you move through
onboarding.
Bookmark the documents that are most
relevant to your daily work.
Please ask your team lead how to locate
specific SOPs or standard operating procedures
for the applications and tools we've
discussed.
We covered a lot. These are the most important
tools used in the BMH Group tech stack.
They work together to help us find deals,
manage leads, and communicate as a team.
We invested in them because when we use them
the right way, we close more deals and
serve homeowners better.
Take notes, ask questions, and let's get to
work.
Up next, we'll talk about the people behind
those leads.